hey youtube
captain tech here with the review of the
Gateway NV 53 all right so let's run
through the specs this computer is
equipped with a two-year Hertz AMD dual
core processor or gigabytes of ddr2 RAM
and a 500 gigabyte hard drive also has a
15.6 inch display the next thing is he
controls my focus in there the controls
are touch sent so they're not actually
physical buttons so it's pretty cool let
me show you volume down mute this locks
the pad touchpad at the bottom it's
pretty cool the next thing I want to
mention is the webcam at first when I
got this I thought the webcam webcam was
gonna be pretty bad but it turned out
it's a pretty decent webcam great for
Skype or any other things like that
oh that's where the microphone sits all
right so this is what the outset of a
laptop looks like it has a turtle shell
design trying to focus in there you go a
turtle shell our honeycomb design
justtry cool let's look at the port side
all right so here you have your DVD
Drive you have two USB ports right there
dial-up who uses that anyone
this is where the power is right there
and let's go to the site that's where
you plug in the charger it's Ethernet
that's your VGA HDMI this computer comes
to the HDMI port that's great for if you
want to connect your can your TV your
big-screen just need one cable and
you're set another USB port and the
fourth USB port microphone headphones
and your SD card reader okay so I'm
gonna wrap it up so if you're looking
for a feature loaded laptop that's not
going to break the bank definitely take
the time to check out the Gateway Envy
53 I believe they're selling it at Best
Buy for four hundred thirty dollars and
you simply can't beat that price thanks
for watching guys as always as a captain
tech don't forget a rate comment and
subscribe